Unique Identifier: 
    127
Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education (if your institution fits within a larger/home organization that has a Carnegie Classification, please indicate here): 
    Doctoral University – Highest Research Activity (R1)
Are you responsible for purchasing or pledging financial support for digital content for your institution? Yes or No: 
    No
Are you responsible for creating or collating digital content from within your institution? Yes or No: 
    Yes
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Theses and Dissertations: 
    Theses and Dissertations
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Journals: 
    Journals
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Monographs: 
    Monographs
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Born digital or digitized archival/special collections materials: 
    Born digital or digitized archival/special collections materials
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Scholarly articles/publications: 
    Scholarly articles/publications
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Audio/video content: 
    Audio/video content
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Other campus publications: 
    Other campus publications
Does your institution have an accessibility policy in place that applies to the content you create and make available on the World Wide Web?: 
    Yes - a formal policy, e.g. a written policy approved by relevant administration
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. Americans with Disabilities Act: 
    Americans with Disabilities Act
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. State law governing my institution: 
    State law governing my institution
Do you have a timeline for implementing your accessibility policy for content creation?: 
    All content must conform with the policy at this time
Who is responsible for updating your accessibility policy for content creation, and how often is it audited/updated?: 
    Internal library committee, updated annually
Which tools/resources do you use to ensure your content conforms to the accessibility policy? Accessibility features found in web browsers: 
    Accessibility features found in web browsers
Which tools/resources do you use to ensure your content conforms to the accessibility policy? ther (please specify): 
    specific computers in one location, plus captioning, audio description, or transcription upon request for audio or video works
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. In-person training from other staff: 
    In-person training from other staff
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. In-person training from external areas of the institution: 
    In-person training from external areas of the institution
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. In-person training from outside of the institution: 
    In-person training from outside of the institution
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. Webinars/on-line courses: 
    Webinars/on-line courses
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. Self-training: 
    Self-training
How is your accessibility policy for content creation enforced?: 
    By mandate from library dean
Are you responsible for purchasing, acquiring or creating systems within your institution? Yes or No: 
    No
