Unique Identifier: 
    133
Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education (if your institution fits within a larger/home organization that has a Carnegie Classification, please indicate here): 
    Doctoral University – Highest Research Activity (R1)
Are you responsible for purchasing or pledging financial support for digital content for your institution? Yes or No: 
    No
Are you responsible for creating or collating digital content from within your institution? Yes or No: 
    Yes
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Theses and Dissertations: 
    Theses and Dissertations
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Journals: 
    Journals
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Monographs: 
    Monographs
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Born digital or digitized archival/special collections materials: 
    Born digital or digitized archival/special collections materials
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Scholarly articles/publications: 
    Scholarly articles/publications
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Audio/video content: 
    Audio/video content
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Other campus publications: 
    Other campus publications
Does your institution have an accessibility policy in place that applies to the content you create and make available on the World Wide Web?: 
    Yes – an informal policy, e.g. rule of thumb to generally follow
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973: 
    Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG): 
    World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG)
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. Non-legal internal mandate: 
    Non-legal internal mandate
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. Other (please specify): 
    EPUB accessibility 1.0
Do you have a timeline for implementing your accessibility policy for content creation?: 
    3 – 4 years
Who is responsible for updating your accessibility policy for content creation, and how often is it audited/updated?: 
    At Michigan Publishing, the policy is driven by an Accessibility Group that includes members across all units of Michigan Publishing
Which tools/resources do you use to ensure your content conforms to the accessibility policy? WebAIM: 
    WebAIM
Which tools/resources do you use to ensure your content conforms to the accessibility policy? WAVE Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool: 
    WAVE Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool
Which tools/resources do you use to ensure your content conforms to the accessibility policy? AXE Accessibility: 
    AXE Accessibility
Which tools/resources do you use to ensure your content conforms to the accessibility policy? Built in screen reader(s): 
    Built in screen reader(s)
Which tools/resources do you use to ensure your content conforms to the accessibility policy? Manually tabbing through webpages: 
    Manually tabbing through webpages
Which tools/resources do you use to ensure your content conforms to the accessibility policy? ther (please specify): 
    Daisy Consortium Ace Accessibility Checker (EPUB); External audits from accessibility consultants
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. In-person training from other staff: 
    In-person training from other staff
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. In-person training from external areas of the institution: 
    In-person training from external areas of the institution
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. Webinars/on-line courses: 
    Webinars/on-line courses
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. Conferences/workshops: 
    Conferences/workshops
How is your accessibility policy for content creation enforced?: 
    Violations are corrected when identified by Accessibility Group members or from outside the organization, but there is not a regular process or audit looking for violations to the policy.
Are you responsible for purchasing, acquiring or creating systems within your institution? Yes or No: 
    No
