Unique Identifier: 
    145
Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education (if your institution fits within a larger/home organization that has a Carnegie Classification, please indicate here): 
    Doctoral University – Highest Research Activity (R1)
Are you responsible for purchasing or pledging financial support for digital content for your institution? Yes or No: 
    No
Are you responsible for creating or collating digital content from within your institution? Yes or No: 
    Yes
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Theses and Dissertations: 
    Theses and Dissertations
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Journals: 
    Journals
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Monographs: 
    Monographs
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Born digital or digitized archival/special collections materials: 
    Born digital or digitized archival/special collections materials
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Scholarly articles/publications: 
    Scholarly articles/publications
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Audio/video content: 
    Audio/video content
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Other campus publications: 
    Other campus publications
Does your institution have an accessibility policy in place that applies to the content you create and make available on the World Wide Web?: 
    Yes - a formal policy, e.g. a written policy approved by relevant administration
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973: 
    Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. Americans with Disabilities Act: 
    Americans with Disabilities Act
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG): 
    World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG)
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. Non-legal internal mandate: 
    Non-legal internal mandate
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. Non-legal institution-wide mandate: 
    Non-legal institution-wide mandate
Do you have a timeline for implementing your accessibility policy for content creation?: 
    All content must conform with the policy at this time
Who is responsible for updating your accessibility policy for content creation, and how often is it audited/updated?: 
    Central Technology Services unit at the university; updated annually. Local policies at our library flow from and sometimes expand upon that guidance.
Which tools/resources do you use to ensure your content conforms to the accessibility policy? WebAIM: 
    WebAIM
Which tools/resources do you use to ensure your content conforms to the accessibility policy? Built in screen reader(s): 
    Built in screen reader(s)
Which tools/resources do you use to ensure your content conforms to the accessibility policy? Manually tabbing through webpages: 
    Manually tabbing through webpages
Which tools/resources do you use to ensure your content conforms to the accessibility policy? Accessibility features found in web browsers: 
    Accessibility features found in web browsers
Which tools/resources do you use to ensure your content conforms to the accessibility policy? ther (please specify): 
    SiteImprove toolbar
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. In-person training from other staff: 
    In-person training from other staff
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. In-person training from external areas of the institution: 
    In-person training from external areas of the institution
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. Webinars/on-line courses: 
    Webinars/on-line courses
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. Conferences/workshops: 
    Conferences/workshops
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. Self-training: 
    Self-training
How is your accessibility policy for content creation enforced?: 
    Automated checks from SiteImprove and periodic reviews from organizational and institutional staff
Are you responsible for purchasing, acquiring or creating systems within your institution? Yes or No: 
    Yes
Does your institution have an accessibility policy for determining which systems will be used to host content on the World Wide Web?: 
    Yes – an informal policy, e.g. rule of thumb to generally follow
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for systems? Please select all that apply. Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973: 
    Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for systems? Please select all that apply. Americans with Disabilities Act: 
    Americans with Disabilities Act
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for systems? Please select all that apply. World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG): 
    World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG)
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for systems? Please select all that apply. Non-legal internal mandate: 
    Non-legal internal mandate
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for systems? Please select all that apply. Non-legal institution-wide mandate: 
    Non-legal institution-wide mandate
Do you have a timeline for implementing your accessibility policy for systems?: 
    All systems must conform with the policy at this time
Who is responsible for updating your accessibility policy for systems, and how often is it audited/updated?: 
    Central Technology Services unit at the university; updated annually. Local policies at our library flow from and sometimes expand upon that guidance.
Which tools/resources do you use to ensure your content conforms to the accessibility policy for systems? WebAIM: 
    WebAIM
Which tools/resources do you use to ensure your content conforms to the accessibility policy for systems? Built in screen reader(s): 
    Built in screen reader(s)
Which tools/resources do you use to ensure your content conforms to the accessibility policy for systems? Manually tabbing through webpages: 
    Manually tabbing through webpages
Which tools/resources do you use to ensure your content conforms to the accessibility policy for systems? Accessibility features found in web browsers: 
    Accessibility features found in web browsers
Which tools/resources do you use to ensure your content conforms to the accessibility policy for systems? Other (please specify): 
    SiteImprove toolbar, published accessibility reports
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for systems?  In-person training from other staff: 
    In-person training from other staff
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for systems?  In-person training from external areas of the institution: 
    In-person training from external areas of the institution
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for systems?  Webinars/on-line courses: 
    Webinars/on-line courses
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for systems?  Conferences/workshops: 
    Conferences/workshops
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for systems?  Self-training: 
    Self-training
If your institution chooses to use Open Source Software (OSS), whether hosted locally or through a third party hosting agent, are those applications held to the same accessibility mandates as proprietary software?: 
    Yes
How is your accessibility policy for systems enforced?: 
    Our policy for hosted software is much more lax than the policy for software developed in-house. We don't have procurement requirements that require a certain level of accessibility compliance. Individuals at our institution/library can talk with vendors about making products accessible, but our policy does not require it.
