Unique Identifier: 
    130
Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education (if your institution fits within a larger/home organization that has a Carnegie Classification, please indicate here): 
    Doctoral University – Highest Research Activity (R1)
Are you responsible for purchasing or pledging financial support for digital content for your institution? Yes or No: 
    Yes
Does your institution have an accessibility policy for digital content acquisition?: 
    Yes - an informal policy, e.g. rule of thumb to generally follow
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973: 
    Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. Americans with Disabilities Act: 
    Americans with Disabilities Act
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG): 
    World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG)
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. State law governing my institution: 
    State law governing my institution
Do you have a timeline for implementing your accessibility policy for content acquisition?: 
    5+ years
Who is responsible for updating your accessibility policy for content acquisition, and how often is it audited/updated?: 
    With no formal policy, no specific person is responsible for updating the policy
What documentation do you request from content providers to enforce your accessibility policy? Please select all that apply. VPAT: 
    VPAT
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. In-person training from other staff: 
    In-person training from other staff
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. Self-training: 
    Self-training
If your institution provides financial support for the creation of Open Access (OA) content, are you held to the same accessibility mandates as for licensed content?: 
    Other (please specify)
If your institution provides financial support for the creation of Open Access (OA) content, are you held to the same accessibility mandates as for licensed content? Other (please specify): 
    unknown
How is your accessibility policy for content acquisition enforced?: 
    It depends on the situation. We use a software program to scan webpages for problems and IT folks are responsible for correcting those problem. 
Are you responsible for creating or collating digital content from within your institution? Yes or No: 
    No
Are you responsible for purchasing, acquiring or creating systems within your institution? Yes or No: 
    No
