Unique Identifier: 
    126
Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education (if your institution fits within a larger/home organization that has a Carnegie Classification, please indicate here): 
    Doctoral University – Highest Research Activity (R1)
Are you responsible for purchasing or pledging financial support for digital content for your institution? Yes or No: 
    Yes
Does your institution have an accessibility policy for digital content acquisition?: 
    Other (please specify)
Does your institution have an accessibility policy for digital content acquisition? Other (please specify): 
    LIbrary administration requires that we append a license admendment to all e-resource licenses that ensure accessibility. Language in the amendment is taken from ARL's model license from the ARL Accessibility Toolkit. 
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973: 
    Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. Americans with Disabilities Act: 
    Americans with Disabilities Act
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG): 
    World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG)
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. State law governing my institution: 
    State law governing my institution
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. Non-legal internal mandate: 
    Non-legal internal mandate
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. Non-legal institution-wide mandate: 
    Non-legal institution-wide mandate
Do you have a timeline for implementing your accessibility policy for content acquisition?: 
    All content must conform with the policy at this time
Who is responsible for updating your accessibility policy for content acquisition, and how often is it audited/updated?: 
    see answer to first question for this section
What documentation do you request from content providers to enforce your accessibility policy? Please select all that apply. Accessibility language required for content license: 
    Accessibility language required for content license
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. In-person training from external areas of the institution: 
    In-person training from external areas of the institution
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. Webinars/on-line courses: 
    Webinars/on-line courses
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. Conferences/workshops: 
    Conferences/workshops
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. Self-training: 
    Self-training
If your institution provides financial support for the creation of Open Access (OA) content, are you held to the same accessibility mandates as for licensed content?: 
    Other (please specify)
If your institution provides financial support for the creation of Open Access (OA) content, are you held to the same accessibility mandates as for licensed content? Other (please specify): 
    we do provide financial support for creation of OA materials (SCOAP3 for example), but I'm unsure of the correct answer to this question
How is your accessibility policy for content acquisition enforced?: 
    through licensing provisions
Are you responsible for creating or collating digital content from within your institution? Yes or No: 
    No
Are you responsible for purchasing, acquiring or creating systems within your institution? Yes or No: 
    No
