Unique Identifier: 
    79
Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education (if your institution fits within a larger/home organization that has a Carnegie Classification, please indicate here): 
    Doctoral University – Highest Research Activity (R1)
Are you responsible for purchasing or pledging financial support for digital content for your institution? Yes or No: 
    Other (please specify)
Are you responsible for purchasing or pledging financial support for digital content for your institution? Other (please specify): 
    Yes, but not the sole/only person
Does your institution have an accessibility policy for digital content acquisition?: 
    Yes - a formal policy, e.g. a written policy approved by relevant administration
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973: 
    Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. Americans with Disabilities Act: 
    Americans with Disabilities Act
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG): 
    World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG)
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. Non-legal institution-wide mandate: 
    Non-legal institution-wide mandate
Do you have a timeline for implementing your accessibility policy for content acquisition?: 
    5+ years
Who is responsible for updating your accessibility policy for content acquisition, and how often is it audited/updated?: 
    Me - annually
What documentation do you request from content providers to enforce your accessibility policy? Please select all that apply. VPAT: 
    VPAT
What documentation do you request from content providers to enforce your accessibility policy? Please select all that apply. Accessibility language required for content license: 
    Accessibility language required for content license
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. In-person training from other staff: 
    In-person training from other staff
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. In-person training from external areas of the institution: 
    In-person training from external areas of the institution
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. In-person training from outside of the institution: 
    In-person training from outside of the institution
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. Webinars/on-line courses: 
    Webinars/on-line courses
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content acquisition? Please select all that apply. Conferences/workshops: 
    Conferences/workshops
If your institution provides financial support for the creation of Open Access (OA) content, are you held to the same accessibility mandates as for licensed content?: 
    No
How is your accessibility policy for content acquisition enforced?: 
    it's tracked internally
Are you responsible for creating or collating digital content from within your institution? Yes or No: 
    Other (please specify)
Are you responsible for creating or collating digital content from within your institution?  Other (please specify): 
    yes, but not solely/only
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Born digital or digitized archival/special collections materials: 
    Born digital or digitized archival/special collections materials
What type of content are you creating and making available for your community? Please select all that apply. Audio/video content: 
    Audio/video content
Does your institution have an accessibility policy in place that applies to the content you create and make available on the World Wide Web?: 
    Yes - a formal policy, e.g. a written policy approved by relevant administration
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973: 
    Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. Americans with Disabilities Act: 
    Americans with Disabilities Act
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG): 
    World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG)
Which mandate(s) inform your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. Non-legal institution-wide mandate: 
    Non-legal institution-wide mandate
Do you have a timeline for implementing your accessibility policy for content creation?: 
    Other (please specify)
Do you have a timeline for implementing your accessibility policy for content creation? Other (please specify): 
    NA
Who is responsible for updating your accessibility policy for content creation, and how often is it audited/updated?: 
    Digital Information unit
Which tools/resources do you use to ensure your content conforms to the accessibility policy? WAVE Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool: 
    WAVE Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool
Which tools/resources do you use to ensure your content conforms to the accessibility policy? Built in screen reader(s): 
    Built in screen reader(s)
Which tools/resources do you use to ensure your content conforms to the accessibility policy? Manually tabbing through webpages: 
    Manually tabbing through webpages
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. In-person training from other staff: 
    In-person training from other staff
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. In-person training from external areas of the institution: 
    In-person training from external areas of the institution
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. In-person training from outside of the institution: 
    In-person training from outside of the institution
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. Webinars/on-line courses: 
    Webinars/on-line courses
What training has been provided to help staff understand and implement your accessibility policy for content creation? Please select all that apply. Conferences/workshops: 
    Conferences/workshops
How is your accessibility policy for content creation enforced?: 
    internally tracked
Are you responsible for purchasing, acquiring or creating systems within your institution? Yes or No: 
    No
